Uncle
I am indeed the old man's favorite apprentice
It cost so much money
Bought me a five-star hotel hehehe
But
not good
Last night?
It must be your law
How dare you put drugs in my wine
I definitely rub
Oh, dear.
I last night
That woman last night was definitely important
So proactive
Why was he eaten as soon as he got off the court in the morning?
He actually left
money
It's only 1,000 yuan
Master, is our bickering god so worthless?
Ah, it hurts.
I'm looking for my sister
Soothe my helpless heart
Oops it's been ten years
I can finally find my Senior Sister Luoying to understand together.
I don't know if he is at home
If I wasn't there
Surprise him
Left eye jumps wealth and right eye jumps disaster
Could it be that I have a bloody disaster today?